Update docs for new IIS limits (#12318)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/iis/index.md

| `AuthenticationDisplayName`    | `null`  | Sets the display name shown to users on login pages. |
| `AllowSynchronousIO`           | `false` | Whether synchronous IO is allowed for the `HttpContext.Request` and the `HttpContext.Response`. |
| `MaxRequestBodySize`           | `30000000`  | Gets or sets the the max request body size for the `HttpRequest`. Note that IIS itself has the limit `maxAllowedContentLength` which will be processed before the `MaxRequestBodySize` set in the `IISServerOptions`. Changing the `MaxRequestBodySize` won't affect the `maxAllowedContentLength`. To increase `maxAllowedContentLength`, add an entry in the *web.config* to set `maxAllowedContentLength` to a higher value. For more details, see [Configuration](/iis/configuration/system.webServer/security/requestFiltering/requestLimits/#configuration).|

::: moniker-end

> ::: moniker range="= aspnetcore-2.2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: moniker range="< aspnetcore-3.0"
```

| ------------------------------ | :-----: | ------- |
| `AutomaticAuthentication`      | `true`  | If `true`, IIS Server sets the `HttpContext.User` authenticated by [Windows Authentication](xref:security/authentication/windowsauth). If `false`, the server only provides an identity for `HttpContext.User` and responds to challenges when explicitly requested by the `AuthenticationScheme`. Windows Authentication must be enabled in IIS for `AutomaticAuthentication` to function. For more information, see [Windows Authentication](xref:security/authentication/windowsauth). |
| `AuthenticationDisplayName`    | `null`  | Sets the display name shown to users on login pages. |

> ::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"	

Reviewer: This is going to break the table. The whole table needs to be placed in versioned tags.

| ------------------------------ | :-----: | ------- |
| `AutomaticAuthentication`      | `true`  | If `true`, IIS Server sets the `HttpContext.User` authenticated by [Windows Authentication](xref:security/authentication/windowsauth). If `false`, the server only provides an identity for `HttpContext.User` and responds to challenges when explicitly requested by the `AuthenticationScheme`. Windows Authentication must be enabled in IIS for `AutomaticAuthentication` to function. For more information, see [Windows Authentication](xref:security/authentication/windowsauth). |
| `AuthenticationDisplayName`    | `null`  | Sets the display name shown to users on login pages. |
| `AllowSynchronousIO `          | `false` | Whether synchronous IO is allowed for the `HttpContext.Request` and the `HttpContext.Response`. |

> | `MaxRequestBodySize`           | `30000000`  | Gets or sets the the max request body size for the `HttpRequest`. Note that IIS itself has the limit `maxAllowedContentLength` which will be processed before the `MaxRequestBodySize` set in the `IISServerOptions`. Changing the `MaxRequestBodySize` will not affect the `maxAllowedContentLength`. To increase `maxAllowedContentLength`, add an entry in the web.config to set `maxAllowedContentLength` to a higher value. See `https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.webServer/security/requestFiltering/requestLimits/#005` for more details.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `MaxRequestBodySize`           | `30000000`  | Gets or sets the the max request body size for the `HttpRequest`. Note that IIS itself has the limit `maxAllowedContentLength` which will be processed before the `MaxRequestBodySize` set in the `IISServerOptions`. Changing the `MaxRequestBodySize` won't affect the `maxAllowedContentLength`. To increase `maxAllowedContentLength`, add an entry in the *web.config* to set `maxAllowedContentLength` to a higher value. For more details, see [Configuration](/iis/configuration/system.webServer/security/requestFiltering/requestLimits/#configuration).|
```
